Add ZMS to mesh samples. Remove nrf54l15pdk overlays (#18065)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * :ref:`ble_mesh_dfu_target`
  * :ref:`ble_mesh_dfu_distributor`

> * Replaced usage of NVS with the ZMS file subsystem when compiling samples for nRF54L15.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for ZMS file subsystem when compiling for :ref:`zephyr:nrf54l15dk_nrf54l15` in all samples supporting that board.
```

  * :ref:`ble_mesh_dfu_target`
  * :ref:`ble_mesh_dfu_distributor`

* Added support for ZMS file subsystem when compiling for :ref:`zephyr:nrf54l15dk_nrf54l15` in all
  samples supporting that board.

> 

Author: The removed support for the nRF54L15 PDK was actually done in a different PR, [here](https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/17913/files#diff-9460bd2e76b8fe433e47a738942f77d38f18d5967374101c756a015372b8cc22). Only some parts was left out

> 

Author: Fixed.
